Replace `sortperm` by alternative pattern (#338)
JuliaData/DataFramesMeta.jl: docs/src/dplyr.md

end
```

Something slightly more complicated: same as above, except arrange the rows in the `:sleep_total` column in a descending order. Since this column is numeric we can do it by negating it:

```@repl 1
@chain msleep begin 
    @select :name :order :sleep_total
    @orderby begin 
        :order
        -:sleep_total
    end 
    @rsubset :sleep_total >= 16
end
```

Alternatively, using the StatsBase.jl package you could have written `ordinalrank(:sleep_total, rev=true)`.

> Finally, if you wanted to avoid using an additional package you could use the following expression `(1:length(:sleep_total))[sortperm(:sleep_total, rev=true)]`.

Author: ```suggestion
Finally, if you wanted to avoid using an additional package you could use the following expression `invperm([sortperm(:sleep_total, rev=true))`.
```
